More than just your father
I heard that I married into the Prince's Mansion half a year ago
On that day, you were going to flee and join King Qi
It didn't work.
Recently, King Qi returned to the palace
Did he also have a low pan oil dyed garlic accident with you?
What sin do you want to cause?
The Empress Dowager doesn't like me
Aren't these charges just coming?
Would you believe me if I said I had no patience with King Qi?
Dare to quibble
No wonder no one cares about me and the scenery in this cold palace
Almost starved to death
It seems that no one in this palace wants me to live for a long time
If so
Why did you ask me to marry?
How dare you question your father's sin so much
It should have been the nine families of beads and curtains
Let you live
You are the Royal Mercy
You still don't repent
Zhulian nine ethnic groups
Then I'd like to ask
The Emperor is my husband
You are my mother-in-law
Are you also within the nine clans?
You, you, come here
Drag this poisonous woman who is causing chaos in the palace's diet and beat her to death
Yes!
Ah!
Fortunately, class 30 has been completed.
Ai Jia saw him without shouting
It seems that the lesson is not deep enough
50 more shifts
If the queen mother plays another 50 boards, she will die
It's not about probing.
Let you have a long memory
Who dares to play another 50 boards?